# Industrial Craft 2 Texture mapping
modname:mod_IC2,IC2
# configuration file
cfgfile:config/IC2.cfg
# Wire
customblock:id=blockCable,data=*,class=org.dynmap.hdmap.renderer.FrameRenderer,linkid_0=blockCable,linkid_1=blockMachine2,linkid_2=blockPersonal,linkid_3=blockLuminator,linkid_4=blockElectric,linkid_5=blockCable,linkid_6=blockReactorChamber,linkid_7=blockNuke,linkid_8=blockGenerator,linkid_9=blockMachine,diameter=0.375

# Iron Fence - set render algorithm
linkmap:id=blockFenceIron,linkalg=1
# Iron Fence - (data is faked: 1=north,2=east,4=south,8=west)
# Iron Fence - no neighbors
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=0,scale=16
rotate:id=85,data=0,rot=0
# Iron Fence - just north neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=1,scale=16
rotate:id=85,data=1,rot=0
# Iron Fence - just east neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=2,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=1,rot=90
# Iron Fence - just south neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=4,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=1,rot=180
# Iron Fence - just south neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=8,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=1,rot=270
# Iron Fence - north and east neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=3,scale=16
rotate:id=85,data=3,rot=0
# Iron Fence - east and south neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=6,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=3,rot=90
# Iron Fence - south and west neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=12,scale=16
rotate:id=85,data=3,rot=180
# Iron Fence - west and north neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=9,scale=16
rotate:id=85,data=3,rot=270
# Iron Fence - north and south neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=5,scale=16
rotate:id=85,data=5,rot=0
# Iron Fence - east and west neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,id=113,data=10,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=5,rot=90
# Iron Fence - north, east and south neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=7,scale=16
rotate:id=85,data=7,rot=0
# Iron Fence - east, south and west neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=14,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=7,rot=90
# Iron Fence - south, west and north neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=13,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=7,rot=180
# Iron Fence - west, north and east neighbor
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=11,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=7,rot=270
# Iron Fence - north, south, east, west neightbors
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=15,scale=16
rotate:id=blockFenceIron,data=15,rot=0
